fixThese/MentionKanra.java
 fixThese.MentionKanra
client/Tenor.java
 client.Tenor
util/GaizaUtil.java
 util.GaizaUtil
model/common/Servers.java
 model.common.Servers
userCommands/Avatar.java
 userCommands.Avatar
listener/CountingEnforcement.java
 listener.CountingEnforcement
model/common/Media.java
 model.common.Media
adminCommands/AdminHelp.java
 adminCommands.AdminHelp
util/BotInfo.java
 util.BotInfo
userCommands/Report.java
 userCommands.Report
listener/Dio.java
 listener.Dio
client/SlashCommandManager.java
 client.SlashCommandManager
config/PropertiesLoader.java
 config.PropertiesLoader
fixThese/Movie.java
 fixThese.Movie
model/SeriesTrackerInformation.java
 model.SeriesTrackerInformation
 model.SeriesTrackerInformation$1
exception/BadInputException.java
 exception.BadInputException
util/UserFineObject.java
 util.UserFineObject
command/Command.java
 command.Command
fixThese/UwuListener.java
 fixThese.UwuListener
GaizaMain.java
 GaizaMain
adminCommands/Welcome.java
 adminCommands.Welcome
fixThese/Fines.java
 fixThese.Fines
userCommands/Ping.java
 userCommands.Ping
fixThese/Ranks.java
 fixThese.Ranks
model/common/Series.java
 model.common.Series
model/GlobalUserInformation.java
 model.GlobalUserInformation
userCommands/Roll.java
 userCommands.Roll
fixThese/Help.java
 fixThese.Help
adminCommands/Uwu.java
 adminCommands.Uwu
fixThese/Birthday.java
 fixThese.Birthday
userCommands/Gif.java
 userCommands.Gif
userCommands/Support.java
 userCommands.Support
listener/Yare.java
 listener.Yare
fixThese/Disconnect.java
 fixThese.Disconnect
userCommands/Invite.java
 userCommands.Invite
userCommands/Define.java
 userCommands.Define
model/InitDatabase.java
 model.InitDatabase
listener/MicrowaveResponse.java
 listener.MicrowaveResponse
userCommands/Github.java
 userCommands.Github
fixThese/Series.java
 fixThese.Series
listener/BoredResponse.java
 listener.BoredResponse
listener/MarcoPolo.java
 listener.MarcoPolo
userCommands/UserMentions.java
 userCommands.UserMentions
